=== Welcome to D.a.Pcrm!
This is the base template for FFC on Heroku.

Fat Free CRM is next generation open source CRM platform. Active development
has started in November 2008; new features, enhancements, and updates appear
on daily basis.

Here are the steps to get Fat Free CRM up and running on your system.

This is a branch of the official Fat Free CRM that is being used by the HybridGroup
as their CRM on Heroku. 

=== System Requirements

* Ruby v1.8.6, v1.8.7, or v1.9.1 
* Ruby on Rails v2.3.5
* MySQL v4.1.1 or later (v5+ is recommended) or SQLite v3.4 or later
* ImageMagick (optional, only if you would like to use avatars)

=== Deployment

* Heroku

=== Setting Up The Database

Fat Free CRM supports MySQL and SQLite databases. The source code comes with
two sample database configuration files: +config+/+database+.+mysql+.+yml+
for MySQL and +config+/+database+.+sqlite+.+yml+ for SQLite. Based on your choice
of the database create the actual database configuration file, for example:

   $ cp config/database.sqlite.yml config/database.yml

Edit config/database.yml and specify database names and authentication
details. Once you have database configuration file ready run rake to create
the database:

   $ rake db:create


=== Setting Up The Application

The next step is to load default Fat Free CRM settings, such as menu structures,
default colors, etc. and create the Admin user. This is done by running the
following rake task:

   $ rake crm:setup

=== Running The App

Now you should be able to launch the Rails server and point your web browser
to http://localhost:3000

   $ ruby script/server

=== Deployment to Heroku

Since Heroku's rake doesn't support data inputs, we'll have to generate a clean database
first locally. Then push the database to Heroku before running the code. Here is the series
of commands if you have not already run them.

   $ heroku create
   $ script/plugin install git://github.com/mooktakim/heroku_sass_and_cache.git
   
Read the documentation for the plugin, but you’ll need to add this to config/routes.rb:
   map.heroku_sass_and_cache
    
   $ git add .
   $ git commit -m "feeling sassy"
   $ git push heroku master
   $ heroku db:push

For the last command, I assume you've already set up the heroku remote repository with
git.

NOTE: Addition of the Sendgrid add-on or equivalent is required for the emails to go off.

=== Loading Demo Data (if wating to test drive the app)

You can test drive Fat Free CRM by loading sample records that are generated
on the fly mimic the actual use. IMPORTANT: loading demo will delete all the
existing data.

   $ rake crm:demo:load

Among other things the demo generator creates 8 sample user records with the
following usernames: +aaron+, +ben+, +cindy+, +dan+, +elizabeth+, +frank+, +george+,
and +heather+. You can log in with any of these names using the name as password.
The demo site at http://demo.fatfreecrm.com provides access as a sample user as well.

You can reset the database and reload demo data at any time by using:

   $ rake crm:demo:reload

==== Added by HybridGroup

tasks/cron.rake

app/models/notifier.rb : Notifier#new_leads_notification
app/views/notifier/new_leads_notification.erb

=== For Developers

Fat Free CRM can be customized by implementing callback hooks and extended by
creating Rails Engines plugins. Check out these sample repositories demonstrating
the concepts:

   http://github.com/michaeldv/crm_sample_plugin/tree/master
   http://github.com/michaeldv/crm_sample_tabs/tree/master
   http://github.com/michaeldv/crm_web_to_lead/tree/master
   http://github.com/michaeldv/crm_tags/tree/master


=== License

Copyright (c) 2008-2010 by Michael Dvorkin. All rights reserved.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See LICENSE file for more details.
